There's one more but to take you to the dentist pocket room in Washington DC.
You will have to come up here to now instruct us.
As we join the program, Secretary of the Army Stevens is that the buying one?
Oh, that's two questions.
Now, if he will separate those questions, his first question,
you probably recall.
I think calls for a yes or no answer. It is a simple question.
And that is whether or not a statement was prepared by Mr. Adip
for Senator McCarthy to sign, in which he stated that he was calling off the investigation
of Port Mumman. That's question number one.
Now, do you or not know whether or not such a statement was prepared by Mr. Adip
and submitted to Senator McCarthy for his signature?
I think you can answer that.
Yes, and earlier with the statement discussed on the plan, Mr. Jenkins,
I do not know exactly what was in the statement.
I couldn't tell you what was in it.
I could give you my general impression of it.
Then your answer to Mr. Cornie is to his question is that you do not know whether or not that is true.
Is that correct? My recollection is that we had the statement on the plan, Mr. Adip
and said and it was discussed on the plan.
That's my recollection of the fact.
Did you see the statement?
I must have seen it, but I don't recall what was in it particularly.
Well, definitely, particularly, do you recall whether or not
Senator McCarthy was to say that he was discontinuing your calling off his investigation of Port Mumman?
That's why I do not recall because it was safe.
It was the type of hearing that I was interested in.
And I do not recall.
The answer is that you do not recall.
That's right.
Now, his next question was whether or not Senator McCarthy refused to sign that statement.
Did he or not, I don't think anybody asked to sign it?
The question is issue of the statement.
Did he or not Senator McCarthy refused to issue such a statement, technically?
I think on the plan, and I was in the conversation very little myself on the plan going up to Mumman,
my recollection of my impression of it was that Mr. Adams and members of Senator McCarthy staff
were making progress in the preparation of some kind of statement.
I don't think on the plan, Senator McCarthy said that he would issue any such statement.
He did, I didn't hear it.
It's the calling the only reason I interrupted this was calling your question and raised two questions.
I'm sure you're right, Carter Jackson.
I hope anytime that I do that, you will interrupt me and please feel free to go top.
The calling I could see is the interaction by Council Jackson will not be taken out of it.
Mr. Stevens, I want to get back to October 19th, sir, if I may.
Did Mr. Adams confer with you on October 19th?
And did he, I'll stop right there.
Did Mr. Adams confer with you on October 19th about the trip that was to be made to Mumman at the next stage?
I have to check up my records to see whether or not he did.
I think it would be a natural thing if he had spoken to me on the 19th.
Did he discuss with you a proposed statement, which he was to attempt to get Senator McCarthy to make announcing that Senator McCarthy was stopping here on time in his infiltration of money?
I'll wait a minute. There's several pieces to that question too.
I have a point, I'm confident that Mr. Adams was preparing a statement.
But as to whether it contained the language that you were talking about, I don't know.
Sir, wouldn't it be inconceivable in light of other testimony you've given here at that testimony if you had to factor it, that on October 20th, if you would have air Senator McCarthy to stop without any qualification, just to stop holding hearings on four months, not change the title, but stop holding hearings.
Now I don't think that would follow at all.
In other words, are you feeling that the consistent with other testimony you've given here that on October 20th, you would have air Senator McCarthy to announce publicly he was stopping hearings, not changing the title, but stopping hearings on month.
I think the idea of a statement was to try to have a statement that could be jointly, if you might say, issued, which would show that we were working together, if we were going forward, strongly with this work.
I call no statement about stopping the investigation.
I think that was the question which I was trying to get in answer. Maybe I word that they had to say a lot.
Whether it's to be consistent with Mr. Stevens, prior testimony given here.
And on October 20th, he had Senator McCarthy to stop hearing at what month.
Mr. Stevens answered that Mr. Cohen had just previous to his last, your last question of answer and stated that he did not necessarily think that would follow.
That was a natural consequence. Am I right about that, Mr. Secretary?
I think he's answered your question, Mr. Cohen.
Now can you tell us this, Mr. Secretary, so we can leave this topic?
Your recollection, did Mr. Adams, with your authorization, come over here on October 19th and ask Senator McCarthy to make a written statement prepared by Mr. Adams.
I don't know whether you help prepare it or not. The following day, start calling for the stopping of hearings at what month.
I don't know whether he came over or not Mr. Adams can touch the biomass.
Do you know whether he submitted Senator McCarthy a statement calling for the stopping of hearings at what month.
I know that the statement discussed on the fire has to tell him that my recollection of the statement.
Did that statement sir contain my words calling for the stopping of hearings at what month.
I have no recollection of that.
Mr. Jenkins, or in view of the fact that this is crucial to our case, I would ask now, if I believe it's perfectly proper procedure,
that the Secretary be directed to produce, which to produce the original of a draft statement submitted to us by Mr. Adams on October 19th,
draft of a statement to be made by Senator McCarthy on October 20th so that we can let it speak for itself.
Your indictment is to do so, Mr. Coleman. Stop messaged me to do so. You're of course exact.
I believe with the leave of Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Steven Weaver. I would ask sir that you produce for this committee.
A copy of a statement.
I don't have any such statements.
State from Mr. Coleman. Mr. Adams, all of the cards will ask him.
Well, I don't have it.
Well, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Mr. Williams, you're right.
I mean, I'm kind of good to my left.
Mr. Williams, have any?
You make a statement.
Go on, I'll attend.
Mr. Steven, the light is good.
Please, I'm.
Mr. Steven's one with the last question, yes, but I'm Mr. Cohen.
Would you not normally keep on file a proposed press release?
Well, the way there's a press release for you prepared that linear graph was given to me, ask me to.
Ask me to have a release.
I was choose.
Did you keep a token of the file?
I don't recall how much I got me a min file, or maybe Mr. Adams says.
No, you don't know.
I was.
I don't, I don't have it.
Why don't we go and have it in your pocket, that's right?
Give it on file.
I don't know, I don't think there's any on my files.
I'm going to put your ass on the wind here to check the amount of snow.
Mr. Family, you're from the men who should know us to be affected.
No, they think you're going to be affected.
I think you're part.
I'm sorry, Mr. Smith.
It's my information.
Mr. Williams, I think you're trying to take the point of order.
No, Mr. Smith.
Tell us not a point of order.
I just trying to say we have no statement in our file cylinder.
Not that's the information I get from men behind me who ought to know.
You have Mr. Chairman, you have Mr. Secretary of State.
He has no such document.
What's Mr. Adams?
My house, such a document.
I think it's been perfectly proper to give him time to confirm Mr. Adams and I.
State will not Mr. Adams has such a document.
That certainly would explain that matters.
You may do so.
Mr. McVeigh and nice to meet you.
Thank you.
There is a conference going on now between Mr. Adams and Mr. Steven Smith.
Now we're going to witness chair and Mr. Adams is moving back to his seat.
Some can be the way.
Mr. Adams advised me that he doesn't have anything in his box.
Mr. Jenkins, sir.
May I then, if it has been the practice that you'll be doing 15th of the Santa Grafick notebook from Mr. Adams office to the tape on COVID-19, 1953, I forget Secretary.
So that we may establish a crucial word of this state which Mr. Adams went over here and asked on a copy issue.
That will be done, Mr. Com.
Well, thank you, Mr. Com.
Mr. Smith, Mr. Cohn or Senator McVeigh, do you have it?
I'm going to tell you what's that.
I'll turn the person back to Mr. Cohn.
I ask Mr. Jenkins to go away by a lead.
This particular line of questioning and return to it after we have had the opportunity to get the...
...word and the exact word of that statement.
And I would then wish to examine Mr. Stevens on that because we feel it is crucial to the issue in this case.
Now, Mr. Cohn, let me remind you that you do not have to have my lead.
The consent or that of any number of the committees so long as your line of examination is within the range of the issue.
Very well.
Thank you.
Mr. Secretary, returning to a topic which we were in the middle of on Friday afternoon when we concluded on General Law.
Did I understand your testimony to be this, sir?
That.
Right.
On November 25, General Bax submitted to you a written explanation supplied by General Law, a memorandum, explaining what he had said.
That had a speech concerning which you expressed some displeasure.
That right, that's right.
And that based on that written explanation, you decided to retain General Lawton in command and have done so, sir.
That's correct, sir. He has been continued in command.
Yes.
Well, now, did you decide on the basis of that statement's admittedly general law and that his explanation was satisfactory?
It was not tied to that statement at all.
Oh, now, that was one of the many considerations that I took into account in coming to a conclusion in the matter.
To continue General Lawton as commanding General Port Monmouth.
When did you reach the conclusion that you had continued General Lawton, sir?
When did I reach it?
Yes, sir.
It was a conclusion that the developed as we went along when I had an opportunity to observe as to how General Lawton was operated.
Well, sir, maybe I don't think myself clear on that.
We have it that on November 24th and November 25th, you were giving serious considerations to dismissing General Lawton from this command in four months.
That's all.
Yes, I gave that serious thought.
All right. When did you conclude that you was not at that time, relieved General Lawton?
No specific date.
Well, approximately when did you know specific date?
I watched observed to see how the thing got along, how he was doing.
And as he went along, I felt that General Lawton had demonstrated that he could do the job, so we left him on the job.
Well, you agree with me that they would say a crisis on November 25th, when that day, there were no greater than any crisis at all.
I testified that on the 31st of October, I had General back in and discussed General Lawton with him in detail at that time.
It wasn't any crisis.
Did you not tell us on Friday that on November 24th, you telephone Mr. Adams in New York to get, I think your word was, sending him a call at these reactions to the possibility of dismissing General Lawton.
I testified that I asked Mr. Adams to advise son of the McCarthy in line with my cooperation with him and he committed, and I would like to know what his reaction would be.
And did you not on November 24th, send for General back and ask a written explanation from General Lawton as the certain thing which he has said,
I asked General back to find out what the substance of the speeches were that General Lawton had reported to his mate at Port Mama.
Did you not indicate to General back that you were then in the considering relieving General Lawton as a command?
I told him I was giving them a thought. On the next day, sir, did not General back return to your office, to your outer office with General Lawton.
Did you not see General back? I saw General back. Did you not refuse to see General Lawton? I did not refuse to see General Lawton.
I am a very busy man with a great field of problems to carry on for the department of the Army, and I just can't see everybody that wants to see me.
But why aren't you talking to General back about General Lawton? I was. But we were taken any more time to have General Lawton in there so he could talk to you face to face.
I would have met. I would have talked with General back first privately about what's the matter in any event.
Well, if you granted that, sir, if you talked to General back privately, did you then talk to General Lawton? No, I did not.
Why, sir? Because I didn't have a time. I felt the situation was in hand with a conversation that I had with General back.
If you tell them by meaning that the situation was in hand, did you feel that the written explanations supplied, satisfied you?
I testified, Mr. Colton, that that was one of the considerations. Now, there were a lot of other considerations.
That wasn't the only thing. There wasn't any crisis. It wasn't the only consideration. This is something that's been going on over a matter of weeks.
Was there any other occasion when General Lawton was called to Washington and brought the order office and asked the French to write an explanation in the face of being released of his command? No, there was not.
Then it wouldn't you say that this wasn't right? I would not. And it was not. I said, the fact remained that General Lawton was continued on his job, but it's still up.
Well, sir, what I want to explore now is the reason for that. Was it not as sufficient important for you to reach Mr. Adams in New York and ask for an immediate reaction from Senator McCarthy to the dismissal of General Lawton?
I said that I've testified repeatedly, and I'm now doing again, but I ask Mr. Adams to inform Senator McCarthy that I was giving thought as to whether or not to continue General Lawton on the job.
I would like Senator McCarthy to know that because of my policy of cooperation with him, and I would be interested in knowing what his reaction was. Did you not serve, did you not serve advisement to Adams that you were waiting only on approval from Senator McCarthy before acting to relieve General Lawton?
Hi, Dr. Becodde. Welcome.
I'm going to go up the Shirley Church. I'm not sure if you make clear whether it is told that Adams was after the huge or failed sea law, but before that I think that's rather important.
Mr. Becodde, I don't know.
Was your problem as to Adams before or if he refused to see you or before you did not see General Lawton?
I just don't remember. I think it was on the same day, but I don't recall. I think I could check it up and find out, but I don't recall the moment before I asked.
How I wonder if I could get the question before the last, to which Secretary Antony didn't recall. I think I asked him whether or not he was waiting only on Senator McCarthy's approval before dismissing General Lawton.
I wondered what his answer was to that.
Do you want to have the question and answer me, Red?
I would very much appreciate it.
I'm sorry, Mr. Becodde.
The question is, did you not, sir, advise what to Adams if you were waiting all the way on the approval of Senator McCarthy's before asking to leave General Lawton?
Ask her, I don't think I did.
I was wondering if it would be possible for you to give a direct answer to that very important question. Could you tell us yesterday and know that?
No, I don't recall it on our dismissal.
You don't recall whether or not the only thing you were waiting for before dismissing General Lawton was Senator McCarthy.
No, I don't recall, but I would be quite confident that this was not the case.
Sir, did you not know that Mr. Adams came to see Senator McCarthy on the night of November 24th at the Television Studio where the Senator was delivering an adrift at 11.30.
Night's thing, he must have an answer to you by the next day because you desire to relieve General Lawton if it's from here on the very next day.
That would be all her say with me. I don't know what Mr. Adams did on that night.
Did he not report to you, sir?
I recall no reference to any television studio or anything at the time.
He reported on the telephone call for Mr. Adams to use the following afternoon.
Revoid General, Senator McCarthy, required your request. I know that he called me back.
Did he tell you at that time that Senator McCarthy would not agree to the dismissal of General Lawton?
I think he said that General, that Senator McCarthy was my recollection of what he said is that he was very nice about us, but felt that it probably would be criticized somewhere somehow if General Lawton was relieved, something like that.
That was on the afternoon of November 25th. I think that was the day. That was the same day that General Lawton was in your adrift.
I think it's the same day.
Is the reason you did not be General Lawton because you were angry at him and displeased with him?
The reason I didn't see him?
Yes, sir.
Primarily, I didn't have the time of that particular time and I was giving thought to whether or not the main saying General Lawton on the job.
And it seems to me that I would like to continue my thought on that subject, collect together such additional information as I could and do close-common and unconclusion.
I think and can you tell us or when you came to that conclusion as well for any of the problems, no particular days.
Mr. Steven, is today back that in the six weeks following November 25th, unrepeated occasion to your knowledge Mr. Adam and treated Madam McCarthy to give approval to the dismissal of General Lawton?
I don't know whether that's the fact or not.
Sir, what do you think of the family's work?
Mr. Council, no questions.
Do any of these senators to my right have any questions?
Do any of the senators to my left, have any? Mr. Welsh, have any?
Nonsense, Mr. Cohn or Mr. McCarthy, Madam McCarthy.
Mr. Cohn, what's the purpose of that?
Mr. Cohn, the opening of the hearing, the chair and right-wing civil suggested all of us with a very heavy responsibility.
He mentioned that time for the press also had a heavy responsibility.
I just wonder from some of the stories I've read for the RA by Sapphire, I didn't hear your testimony.
I find that, for example, in one of the papers, NCC29, the statement that private G. David Shine was depicted today as a recruit to War Taylor-Made uniform.
That is the day you testified that you ever testified that Shine had Taylor-Made uniform.
No, sir.
And the fact is, as far as you know, this is completely without foundation.
I know, I didn't testify to that.
Well, as far as you know, you were testimony that day as far as you know, this story has been prepared without foundation.
Well, I don't have any knowledge about that story, sir. I'm sorry, I figured out all I know is I never said any such thing.
Well, let's get deep. Well, I don't think we're wasting too much time on this private.
In view of the fact that people read these stories and many people believe them, I'd like to ask, did you have any information?
You received any time from any source.
So that Mr. Shine or Taylor-Made uniforms?
I don't have any personal knowledge of a note, sir.
Well, you said personal knowledge, let's not qualify. If you got it right here, sir, any other way, let's hear it from him.
I just want to know if there's any basis in fact for this story.
I personally, I've heard nothing about Taylor-Made uniform.
The only thing you've heard about the improper uniform was that he couldn't get shoes to fit his large feet in the body zone of shoes.
That was mentioned here the other day.
I mean, that's the only deviation from regular uniformity but shoes to set.
I can't justify that it's the only deviation I just don't know.
Well, that's the only thing impossible for me to know what every pie will be.
No, but you're making a great deal about this particular pie.
And you testified about the fact that the body uniform now asking you the simple question, isn't it a fact that the only complaint about the uniform is that he bought shoes of the fitting?
I haven't testified about anything about what the pie of a shine war didn't work.
I've heard here the other day about a certain reason, there's nothing to do with the security industry getting along.
The senator McCarthy's question was whether or not you heard that you received information that the only deviation from the regular uniform was shoes that the shine had purchased that were not regulation shoes.
I just didn't know who stole your information how you guys are that we will get along whether or not you received such information.
I received information about the shoe.
Now the question has been asked by an answered senator.
Thank you.
If you are writing to sustain the point of order by suggesting to counsel and committee members, they will try to ask questions which are susceptible to a yes or no answer.
And if witnesses will try to make a yes or no answer, we can certainly move forward much more rapidly than we now are.
I'm sure the chair, I don't know if you agree with me that the question was susceptible to a yes or no answer.
Now again I have a reference to the chair statement about the duty upon the part of the press to tell the truth.
I find here a story written by the North American newspaper Alliance.
They, April 27, 1954, it says, without June Day, the senator has left the basis of a question that you are about to add here with me.
It's nothing for proper.
The story, just again with the you testified Mr. Stevens, June Day, the shine was enjoying Philly, Minion and Champagne at the start of the New York.
He should have been peeling tomatoes at Fort Dick.
If this is on through, it's rather a vicious reflection upon the air.
From Washington, the Meetsville network is bringing you on the spot coverage of the public hearing in the country for chiefs of the senator Joseph.
The effect of this private was enjoying Colt Chile, Minion and Champagne at the start club in New York.
He should have been peeling tomatoes at Fort Dick.
You can answer that yes or no?
I didn't.
Just the part of that.
You can answer it yes or no?
If I have got to answer it yes or no then I'd like to have the recorder read it back.
Let's have the rest of the rest of the day for you.
No, I'd like to have it read.
Where will we read?
We hope we can get the answer now.
I'll see you down on the screen.
It's your recording.
This is the day we set the spot.
Let's see.
That's the day we set the spot.
We're enjoying Colt Chile, Minion and Champagne at the start club in New York.
We'll be putting tomatoes at Fort Dick.
Now, if it's done through, it is rather a vicious reflection upon the army's handling of this private.
And if it is true, we should know it.
Did you ever testify or do you have any knowledge of the effect that this private was enjoying
with the Minion and Champagne at the start club in New York when he should have been getting tomatoes at Fort Dick?
I certainly never testified that out of fact Mr. Duncan.
The board of general is also embraced whether or not you testified how you say you didn't mention that.
So, I'd answer, yes, any likewise, as you were, or not, you had any knowledge that's set for the facts
and you can answer that yesterday.
Did you have any knowledge that's set for the facts?
Well, it's...
Yes, and all of us, this is very difficult, Mr. Duncan.
Well, surely it seems to me that I know I'm not arguing with you, Mr. Secretary.
Please understand that.
But we are trying to get along and bring this thing to a conclusion.
But I would ask the fact that no one whether or not anybody ever told you any person, any newspaper account,
whether or not you had any knowledge that the private child was enjoying,
they may mean John when he should have been feeling the tailor.
Now, did anybody ever tell you that or...
You have any knowledge of such a thing?
Is that even from hearsay?
That's what the Sounders say.
The question has certainly been raised with me,
whether or not private time was not in New York at times when he should have been a Fort Dick.
But this question is whether or not he's eating states in New York City
when he should have been down at Fort Dick's feeling the tailor.
Now, did anybody ever tell you such a thing? Is that?
No, I don't think I ever heard of it.
Then we've got a message.
Well, then as far as the story is concerned,
it's false money-fartured over the whole house.
Yes, I'm sorry, but it's a second.
I...
Stuffed you to death that you do not have to answer that.
You don't have to quite the pace on the question of false theory.
The truth or false theory of what some newspaperman wrote out in the Senate
and what Carly overstepped the bounds of the society when he asked you that question.
To me answer this question.
Characters in the fine of order sent to me for seat.
To me answer this question is the statement that Shrine was enjoying filigmanion and shampain
at the New York stock club in New York when he should have been feeling pretty as a Fort Dick's.
As far as you know, he is such a statement completely false regardless of who made it.
The Secretary, I rule that you have rights and that question definitely.
You said first of all that you have no personal knowledge of it,
then you said secondly the one had informed you of such a fact.
It is repetitious in our hope, Senator, we will pass to another line of interrogation.
See, Senator McCarthy.
Council hold that question and then answer definitely in the negative.
You don't understand you have no knowledge whatsoever of such an occurrence.
Never testified such an occurrence.
So there I can remind you that the Secretary has given a definite answer.
Have you requested that you pass to another line of interrogation?
I respect Council, but the Council doesn't mind, I will conduct the interrogation.
Uh, I get the answer, I don't think I've got the answer list.
If I have a very simple four, which is even repeated, I just read a statement to you.
I ask you whether or not you have any knowledge of any kind, many sources, of any truth in that statement.
Apparently Senator McCarthy did not hear you or understand your answer, Mr. Secretary,
and I'm sure you won't mind repeating your answer, not now,
as respectfully requested to do so.
Thank you, Senator.
I will just read that for, I'm sure.
Got any moral responsibility?
The Chair again, for just those who asked the question,
was it an reaction and yes or no, those who answered and say yes and no,
and those who answered, listen to the answer.
So we can make sure you have some breath.
Read the question please.
But we say in time, there's been a big question, do you have a question?
I just might as well ask the question.
Oh, I'm doing this law.
We might tell you that ABC Radio is bringing you this on the same coverage
of the McCarthy Army hearings in Washington.
This is the ABC Radio Network.
You